What are you going to do if something so big happens?
Help me stop the right to use Wang Rongchang's horse head
Your loss
I'll make it up to you.
Zhou Shao
Before, you and Wang Rongchang were complementary interventions
Why do you suddenly want to clean him up this time?
Could it be because of that Xu Shiyang?
Just say help or not
help
But I don't want compensation.
Just help me when I have something to ask you later
It's not that our Zhao family can't afford tens of millions.
But the more curious I am
Your relationship with Xu Shiyang?
eventful
Gone
I seem to be making an exception a lot lately
Xu Shiyang
Is it really because of you?
Something big happened
Financial news
It's half an hour to go LIVE and Marty hasn't arrived yet
Did Wang Tai know about his relationship with Wang Rongchang?
Take care of him
Don't talk nonsense
I'll give a call to find out.
What about people?
Ah, Marty, the show is going LIVE soon
Where is she?
It's too late to go to Xiaoxu, you go first?
It's too late.
Yesterday, Mrs. Wang came to my door, and I knew something was wrong.
Even if she comes to this show in the future, it won't be hers.
Ah, so you will be here in the future of this show, okay?
Is this a blessing in disguise?